[breaking-change] Updated `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior (#9279)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/checkbox-fillColor.md

---
title: Updated `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior
description: >
  Improved `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior applies the fill color to the
  checkbox's background when it is unchecked.
---

## Summary

The `Checkbox.fillColor` is now applied to the checkbox's background when

> it is unchecked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the checkbox is unselected.
```

## Context

Previously, the `Checkbox.fillColor` was applied to the checkbox's border

> when it is unchecked and the background was transparent. With this change,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the checkbox was unselected and its background was transparent. With this change,
```

the `Checkbox.fillColor` is applied to the checkbox's background and the
border uses the `Checkbox.side` color when it is unchecked.

## Description of change

The `Checkbox.fillColor` is now applied to the checkbox's background when
it is unchecked instead of the border.

## Migration guide

> Updated `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior applies the fill color to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The updated `Checkbox.fillColor` behavior applies the fill color to the
```
